README.md, before:

# SpookyBot
SpookyBot is a discord bot that keeps a running list of suggestions and allows users to facilitate polls and vote. It is currently designed with movies in mind.

A user !suggest(s) a movie which is added to the running list of movies. A poll is !create(d), users will !vote, and a winner will be chosen when the poll is !close(d). The winning title will then be removed from the movie list.

## Installation
SpookyBot requires yaml and discord to function. Those can be installed with:

`pip -r requirements.text`

You will need to use the botconfig.yaml file to store the bot token that was issued from discord as well as your guild ID.

```yaml
bot_discord_token:[your token here]
guild:[your guild ID here]
```

## Development Notes
References to "ID" should be in all caps.

Use camel casing.

Update the !help function to reflect any new commands added.

The Bot handles interactions with the file system.

"Polls" and "movies" handle polling and movie list functions.

## Future Projects
IMDb synopsis listing

Commit message:

Update ignores, help recs, and changed default debug level.

README.md, after:

# SpookyBot
SpookyBot is a discord bot that keeps a running list of suggestions and allows users to facilitate polls and vote. It is currently designed with movies in mind.

A user !suggest(s) a movie which is added to the running list of movies. A poll is !create(d), users will !vote, and a winner will be chosen when the poll is !close(d). The winning title will then be removed from the movie list.

## Installation
SpookyBot requires yaml and discord to function. Those can be installed with:

`pip -r requirements.text`

You will need to use the botconfig.yaml file to store the bot token that was issued from discord as well as your guild ID. A template file "botconfig.yaml.dist" has been provided as a template for this purpose. Be sure to remove ".dist" before implementing this bot.

```yaml
bot_discord_token: [your token here]
guild: [your guild ID here]
```

## Development Notes
References to "ID" should be in all caps.

Use camel casing.

Be sure to include help information for any new commands with "help", "brief", and "usage" if applicable.

The Bot handles interactions with the file system.

"Polls" and "movies" handle polling and movie list functions.

## Future Projects
IMDb synopsis listing
